Are aliens real?
Are you a spender or a saver?
Are you an early bird or a night owl?
Are you an introvert or an extrovert?
Do pineapples belong on pizza?
Do you enjoy coffee or tea more?
Do you enjoy podcasts? If so, which ones?
Do you enjoy roller coasters?
Do you enjoy the scenery of oceans or mountains more?
Do you have a phobia?
Do you have a routine that you stick to daily?
Do you have any recurring dreams?
Do you know what your spirit animal is?
Do you play any sports?
Do you speak multiple languages?
Have you ever been on the radio or TV? Tell us about it!
Have you ever won an award? Tell us about it!
How would you transliterate the sound of your laugh in real life?
If a genie came up to you and told you that you had three wishes, what wishes would you make and why?
If you cook or bake, what is your favorite thing to make?
If you could be any animal, which one would you be?
If you could choose a job right now to have for the rest of your life, what would you choose?
If you could have any pet right now, what kind of pet would you get?
If you could have any superpower, what would it be?
If you could only be called one nickname for the rest of your life, what would it be and why?
If you could star in any show/movie, what would it be?
If you could teleport once to anywhere, where would you go?
If you have a collection, what do you collect?
If you know it, what's your personality type?
If you play board games, which one is your favorite?
If you suddenly got $5,000,000, what would you use your money for first?
If your house was burning down and you could only get one thing, what would you get?
It's yearbook time! What quote do you want below your picture?
What are your top three all-time favorite movies?
What color do you find best describes yourself?
What country would you visit if you could for two weeks (before COVID-19)?
What do you like to do on a rainy day?
What do you normally do on weekends?
What Hogwarts house are you in?
What is a book that you'd recommend to read?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
What is your earliest memory and how old were you?
What was your favorite TV show as a kid?
What's on your bucket list?
What's the best class you've ever taken?
What's the worst joke you've ever heard?
What's your favorite ice cream flavor?
What's your favorite quote?
What's your favorite season?
What's your favorite video game?
What's your hidden talent?
Where would you want to go to college if you could go cost-free and why?
Who do you look up to and why?
Who is your favorite singer/band and why?
Would you rather be locked in an amusement park or a library?
Would you rather explore space or the depths of the ocean?
Would you rather fight a grizzly bear or a nest of hornets?
Would you want to control fire or water?
You can only shop at one store for the rest of your life. Which one is it?
What was the last good book you read?
Do you listen to any podcasts? Which is your favorite?
What do you think is the best show on Netflix right now?
What do you think has been the best movie of the year so far?
What song do you wish you could put on right now?
Are you a cat person or a dog person?
Do you think you're an introvert or an extrovert?
What's your strangest hidden talent?
What is something people are always surprised to learn about you?
Where would you go on vacation if you had no budget?
If you could travel back in time, what decade would you choose to live in?
What's the best thing you've ever bought off Amazon?
What's the last concert you went to?
What is one thing you can't live without?
What is your favorite book of all time?
How many countries have you been to?
What's your favorite city you've visited?
Would you rather travel via plane or boat?
Would you rather be really hot or really cold?
Do you like documentaries? Have you watched any good ones recently?
If you could host a talk show, who would you have on first?
What's your favorite sport?
What sport do you wish you were really good at?
What's the best holiday?
What is the worst piece of advice you've ever gotten?
When was the last time you laughed so hard you cried?
What do you think is the funniest movie ever?
What's the best prank you've ever played on someone?
Is a hot dog a sandwich?
Which celebrity would play you in a movie about your life?
What is something that's really popular right now that will be ridiculous in five years?
What's your go-to joke?
What's your favorite subject/class?
What’s your favorite number? Why?
What’s your favorite way to waste time?
What is something popular now that annoys you?
Are you a very organized person?
Have you ever given a presentation in front of a large group of people? How did it go?
How often do you binge watch shows?
What’s the funniest TV series you have seen?
Which TV show do you want your life to be like?
What’s your favorite genre of movie?
Which do you prefer? Books or movies?
What’s the strangest movie you have ever seen?
Do you prefer to watch movies in the theater or in the comfort of your own home?
What was your favorite book as a child?
Do you prefer physical books or ebooks?
What book genres do you like to read?
Do you prefer fiction or nonfiction books?
What was the last song you listened to?
What is your favorite movie soundtrack?
Do you like classical music?
What song always puts you in a good mood?
Who was the first band or musician you were really into? Do you still like them?
What’s the most frustrating app you have tried?
What do you wish your phone could do?
Do you prefer to call or text?
What was your first smartphone? How did you feel when you got it?
What is the longest plane trip you have taken?
What’s the best way to travel? (Plane, car, train, etc.)
Where is the most relaxing place you have been?
What is something people do that drives your crazy?
Do you have any phobias?
Do you have any favorite apps?
What is something that you are terrible at?
What comedy movie is your favorite?
What is your dream job?
What do you miss the most about school?
Are you a morning person or a night owl?
Would you rather go hiking or chill on the beach?
What dessert do you crave?
What hobbies do you have?
Do you prefer summer or winter activities?
Which do you prefer, autumn or spring?
What’s the best thing to do on a cold winter day?
What foods do you absolutely hate?
What flavor of ice cream do you wish existed?
If your mind were an island, what would it look like?
Time freezes for everyone but you for one day. What do you do?
If you had a personal mascot, what would your mascot be?
You have to relive one day of your life forever. Which day do you choose?
You find a remote that can rewind, fast forward, stop, and start time. What do you do with it?
Do you prefer pens or pencils? Why?
If you could star in any movie, what movie would it be?
If you could only eat one food for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What was your favorite book when you were little?
If you never had to eat one vegetable, which would it be?
If you had $100, what would you spend it on?
If you could be famous, would you want to? Why?
If you had to pick any character in a book, movie, or TV show who is most similar to you, who would you choose? Why?
What’s your biggest fear?
What’s your plan if there was a zombie apocalypse?
If you had a reality TV show about your life, what would your theme song be?